---
layout: post
meetingDate: January 11, 2010
title: Outsourced Work Force – Guide to Online oDesk Contracting for Developers
---

### About the Topic: 

Many companies developing software products create their products on a phased project basis. This leads to lots of work for developer or team of developers a few weeks or months, then periods of focus on marketing and sales. As bug reports and new feature requests lead to new versions the company typically needs another strong push from developers. During the sales and marketing cycles there is often not enough work to keep full time developers on staff. So many small companies look to outsourcing contract developers.  oDesk is an online service designed to put Providers or services in touch with Buyers who need to hire contractors to do project oriented work. A number of companies offer these services but oDesk offers some unique benefits to both Buyers and Providers. This session will examine these benefits from both sides. We will also discuss the best way to present yourself or your company as a Provider looking for work. We’ll cover a number of tips and guidelines for how to effectively interview online and get hired. We will also demonstrate how to use the time tracking and reporting tools provided by oDesk.  If you are currently between positions or are looking for some extra work to earn money on the side, oDesk could be your answer. 

### About Robert Gray

Robert Gray<br /> 
President 
Matters in Motion, Inc. 
[http://www.mattersinmotion.com](http://www.mattersinmotion.com)

Robert started GrayLint Enterprises, Inc with his partner back in 1997. GrayLint is a small IT firm providing legal technology consulting services for the law firms across the US. Robert is a Certified Independent Consultant (CIC) representing law office software products manufactured by LexisNexis, a multi-billion dollar legal technology manufacturer. In late 2009 Robert began transitioning GrayLint to his new company, Matters in Motion, Inc. In 2009 Robert was asked to join a newly formed consortium of 9 CIC companies called CLTPartners (Collaborative Legal Technology Partners). Robert has been elected to serve as 1st year President of this new organization representing LexisNexis CICs across the US.  Robert’s career has led him in and out of software and product development multiple times. He has written code in 6502 assembler, K&R C, VB, PHP and C#. In recent years Robert’s focus has been more toward product design and project management than actual coding.   In 2005 Robert designed and lead development of CaseWORTH software. CaseWORTH assists a law firm in managing the financial details of a personal injury case. CaseWORTH, and Robert’s other products, are designed to enhance the products offered by LexisNexis. Robert continues to develop and market software for law firms.
