---
layout: post
title: Exploring HTML 5
speaker: David Wagnon
---

### About the Topic: 
Presentation Files Topic: Exploring HTML 5 While HTML5 is not approved as a standard yet, it currently receives at some support from most browsers. We will cover public information about the standard and which browsers support what parts.  As Wikipedia says: HTML5 adds many new syntactical features. These include the `<video>, <audio>, <header> and <canvas>` elements, as well as the integration of SVG content. These features are designed to make it easy to include and handle multimedia and graphical content on the web without having to resort to proprietary plugins and APIs. Other new elements, such as `<section>, <article>, <header>, and <nav>`, are designed to enrich the semantic content of documents. New attributes have been introduced for the same purpose, while some elements and attributes have been removed. Some elements, such as `<a>, <cite> and <menu>` have been changed, redefined or standardized. The APIs and document object model (DOM) are no longer afterthoughts, but are fundamental parts of the HTML5 specification. HTML5 also defines in some detail the required processing for invalid documents, so that syntax errors will be treated uniformly by all conforming browsers and other user agents. Some of these elements can be used now, some have work arounds and some are still pipe dreams. Come join us as we explore HTML5. About David: David Wagnon wrote his first program on punch cards as a freshman in college. His first professional work was on a Tektronix 4054 which had a Basic Interpreter; the machine was used to collect information from laboratory instruments. After years of testing explosives and weapons he moved back to Arkansas and started into business programming. He currently works for GDH Consulting (they provide pizza for our group) and they have assigned him to PNC Real Estate writing banking loan software. He loves to take pictures and (try to) build things from wood. 

### About the Speaker:
David Wagnon wrote his first program on punch cards as a freshman in college. His first professional work was on a Tektronix 4054 which had a Basic Interpreter; the machine was used to collect information from laboratory instruments. After years of testing explosives and weapons he moved back to Arkansas and started into business programming. He currently works for GDH Consulting (they provide pizza for our group) and they have assigned him to PNC Real Estate writing banking loan software. He loves to take pictures and (try to) build things from wood.