---
layout: post
title: Meet Your New BFF: LINQPad
speaker: Abby Sims
---

### About the Topic: 
Have you ever written a throw-away console application to test code flow? Have you written unit tests to proof-of-concept a complicated LINQ query? Have you ever walked through the debugger to extract the underlying SQL statement your LINQ code generates? Have you coded a page in your application to perform some process or data import you only needed once during development? If you answered yes to any of those questions, you need to be using LINQPad and you need to come to this month's meeting! LINQPad solves the intent of all of the above scenarios and at a fraction of the time cost. LINQPad is a small application that allows you to run LINQ against your database much like SQL Server Management Studio lets you run SQL. You write some LINQ in the editor, hit run and BOOM! - results in the window. This tool doesn't stop there, though. You can use it as a code scratchpad and execute a series of C# or VB statements. You can even write mini-programs and pull in logic from NuGet packages and your existing DLLs. Join us for this month's session as we walk-through how to use LINQPad to save you time and frustration. We'll see how it saves you from lengthy build times and how you can quickly iterate through logic without having to wait for the debugger to end. We'll examine features within LINQPad that help us see what's in code objects along the way. Best of all, we'll run through some real-world tasks that you might have written a console app for before and hopefully you'll agree - this tool is awesome.

### About the Speaker:
Abby was lured into development through recreational gaming over 13 years ago when her guild wanted a website. Since then, she has become passionate about creating user-friendly, aesthetically pleasing websites and applications. Her mantra is keep it simple, get it done. Abby's most formative years were spent writing software in support of the electrical transmission industry for Southwest Power Pool. More recently, she has specialized in web, mobile, and social applications for mid to large retail organizations and one particular state tourism agency. Abby currently works from home as a member of the team of bright developers over at Idea-Loop. In addition to career, Abby is family-focused. She and her husband enjoy raising three kids and herding two cats.